---
title: Choir
permalink: /performing-arts-groups/choir/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h1>Choir</h1><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Teachers-In-Charge:</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ms Seah Lilin (IC)<br>Ms Fong <br>Ms Lim Dai Xuan</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>President</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Lustetica Rhiann Gabrielle Masangcay (3A7)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Vice-President (Student Development):</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Niki Adlina Chaw Bte Md Faizal (3A2)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Head Of Logistics:</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ilham Adha Bin Masri (3A2)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Section Leaders:</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Soprano 1:</strong><br>Niki Adlina Chaw Bte Md Faizal (3A2)<br>Huang Yin En (3A7)<br><br><strong>Soprano 2:</strong><br>Filene Low (3A2)<br>Ong Yong Ying (3A3)<br><br><strong>Alto:</strong><br>Lustestica Rhiann Gabrielle Masangcay (3A7)<br><br><strong>Baritones:</strong><br>Peren Ben Rylee Dalangin (3A6)<br>Charles Terrence Concepcion Fiesta (3A6)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Training Days:</strong><br></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mondays &amp; Wednesdays<br>3.15pm - 5.15pm</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>About Us</h4><p>The BBSS Choir grooms BBSSians into confident and captivating performers with the necessary singing skills. Our Choir is a close-knit family where students motivate and encourage each other to display their love for the arts and keep the passion burning. Not only have the students have blessed with many opportunities to perform, they have also broadened their horizons and mastered choral skills and techniques and developed a greater sense of musicianship along the way. Through regular training sessions, our members learn the importance of teamwork and resilience to push one another to be the best version of themselves.</p><p>Our members take part in a number of competitions to hone their skills. Such performances continually strengthen our bond as a team and provide fine platforms for us to showcase our many talents. At the same time, our members build confidence and self-esteem. Furthermore, as we seek to constantly improve, our choir has been performing for external concerts and school events too. For the last three SYF Arts Presentations, we have been awarded the Certificate of Accomplishment.</p><p>Since the advent of blended learning in 2020, we have started to tap on affordances of music technology to ensure that learning continues. Members use 'Soundtrap' to record singing and gather real time feedback by leveraging on playback functions and sharing their progress with their choir mates. Instead of re-recording an entire song, members can selectively remove sections they wish to re-record, thus saving time, energy and effort.</p><p>It's not all work and no play at BBSS Choir. Our members have the opportunity to unwind and build camaraderie through termly games sessions and the annual choir camp. They come together to engage and indulge in games and activities of their choice that interest and excite them.</p><p>Through the guidance of our instructors and teachers-in-charge, BBSS Choir continues to uphold its standard of choral excellence.</p><h4>Key Events in 2023:</h4><p>Participation in the following events (online):</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>ACS Barker and BBSS Collaboration concert</p></li><li><p>SYF Arts Presentation</p></li></ul><h4>Past Key Events in 2022:</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Arts Carnival in BBSS – Rhapsody Concert</p></li><li><p>Unique Voices concert at Arts House</p></li><li><p>Bowling Sports Enrichment Program</p></li></ul><h3>Gallery</h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="299" width="480" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vShIpkTeqbE32GEU5OMPxFpWoRwsd1UqDXU3CGjfVSu3yZgn9R6EVKZA9MJq2vwKUJGekTKsSY4VCG4/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="455" width="812" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1KsTJ8TH4v8"></iframe></div><p></p>